le by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L.P.
HEY.
BOY.
HOW ARE YOU ?
WHAT ARE
WE DOING HERE ?
HOW COME WE DIDN'T
GO TO YOUR OFFICE ?
WELL, I DIDN'T GO TO
MY OFFICE YET, I, UH, I...
HI, CAN I GET YOU
SOME COFFEE ?
I'LL HAVE A DECAF.
OKAY.
OKAY.ALRIGHT.
THANK YOU.
CAN I GET YOU
SOME COFFEE ?
WOULDN'T YOU
LOVE THAT ?
UM, I LEFT SUSIE
LAST NIGHT.
IT WAS A WHOLE BIG THING,
I HAD TO...
I GOT THE HELL OUT OF THERE
AND I TOLD HER
I'M GOING TO A HOTEL,
DON'T CALL ME.
WOW.
YEAH.
HOLY COW.
YEAH, LOOK I DON'T KNOW
IF IT'S GONNA GO ANY FURTHER
AND JUST A SEPARATION
TYPE SITUATION, BUT, UH...
WELL, I MEAN,
IT WAS A LONG TIME COMING,
AND, YOU KNOW...
YEAH, UM,
MY PROBLEM IS,
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT
THE DIVORCE THING,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
I DON'T WANT HER
TELLING PEOPLE ABOUT ME,
I DON'T WANT THINGS TO
COME OUT IN COURT.
I NEVER BROKE THE LAW,
YOU KNOW, BUT PERSONAL THINGS.
WHAT KIND OF THINGS ?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ?
LIKE SEXUAL.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S CERTAIN
SEXUAL THINGS THAT I LIKE,
AND I DON'T WANT SUSIE
YAMMERING ABOUT WHAT THEY ARE.
THERE NOT HORRIBLE,
EVIL THINGS,
THEY DON'T INVOLVE ANYTHING
THAT'S AGAINST THE LAW.
SHE'S GOT SOME...
YEAH, BUT, YOU KNOW,
JUST, UM, STUFF...
YOU DON'T WANT
HER TO REPEAT.
I DON'T WANT
SO, THAT'S WHY...
THIS IS SEXUAL BLACKMAIL,
WHAT IS THAT ?
SEXUAL BLACKMAIL.
THAT IS JUST AWFUL.
THAT'S, YEAH IT'S...
SEE, THAT'S WHY
I'VE NEVER DONE ANYTHING
EVEN REMOTELY KINKY.
EVER, WITH ANYONE.
NOTHIN'.
THE CRAZIEST THING I'VE DONE,
I'VE BEEN ON THE BOTTOM.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S IT.
NOT EVEN WITH YOUR WIFE,
NOTHING, LIKE, YOU KNOW...
WELL, LOOK WHAT'S HAPPENING
WITH YOUR WIFE.
SO, YOU PROTECTED YOURSELF
AHEAD OF TIME.
I DON'T TELL MY WIFE ANYTHING,
I DON'T CONFIDE IN MY WIFE.
I DON'T TRUST ANYBODY.
I JUST TREAT HER
LIKE AN ACQUAINTANCE.
DO YOU THINK I WANT HER
BLABBING ABOUT ME TO PEOPLE ?
NO, NO...
IF WE GOT DIVORCED TOMORROW,
SHE'D HAVE NOTHING TO SAY,
NOTHING SHE COULD SAY.
OR MAYBE SHE COULD SAY
I HATE A COUPLE OF PEOPLE,
BUT THAT'S,
BUT THAT'S IT.
I PROBABLY SAID A COUPLE
NASTY THINGS ABOUT YOU,
BUT OTHER THAN THAT...
WELL, THAT'S ASSUMED, SO...
I DO NEED YOU TO
DO ME A HUGE FAVOR,
AND THAT IS GO OVER BY MY HOUSE
AND GET MY CLOTHES.
SUSIE WILL KNOW
ALL ABOUT IT, AND, UH...
SHE'S GONNA BE THERE ?
YEAH, SHE PROBABLY
WILL BE THERE.
PUSHING SECRET CODES
AND ALL THAT.
SHE'LL EAT ME ALIVE.
JUST GRAB MY STUFF.
BOY, I FEEL LIKE
IT'S, LIKE...
IT'S ALMOST WORSE THAN
CONFRONTING A MOURNER.
I OWE YOU, BIG TIME.
NO, YOU DON'T OWE ME.
I'LL GO LATER TODAY.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU WOULD NOT
BELIEVE THIS ARTICLE.
YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE WHAT A
POLITICAL AGENDA TRIPLE "A" HAS.
HONESTLY.
THEY JUST WANT MORE ROADS,
SO, THERE WILL BE MORE CARS,
SO, THEY'LL HAVE MORE MEMBERS
AND MORE MONEY COMING IN.
THEY DON'T CARE
ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT,
ABOUT POLLUTION,
AND WE'RE MEMBERS !
WE'RE SUPPORTING THIS ?
YOU SHOULD READ THIS.
I'M GOING TO.
WHY ARE YOU SO QUIET ?
I'M NOT QUIET,
YOU'RE READING.
ARE YOU THINKING
ABOUT SEX ?
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, NOW ?
WHENEVER YOU'RE QUIET,
YOU'RE USUALLY
THINKING ABOUT SEX.
I'M NOT THINKING ABOUT SEX,
I MEAN, THAT'S KIND OF...
YOU'RE NOT,
YOU'RE NOT THINKING ABOUT
A LITTLE AFTERNOON
SEX OR SOMETHING ?
I'M JUST CURIOUS.
JUST KIND OF KINKY.
YOU THINK I'M KINKY ?
DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE KINKY ?
WELL, YOU JUST SAID,
THAT'S KIND OF KINKY.
DO YOU THINK I'M KINKY ?
WELL...I'M NO.
I'M JUST SAYING,
FOR YOU TO WANT TO HAVE SEX
IN THE AFTERNOON,
IS KIND OF CRAZY.
WELL, FIRST OF ALL,
I DIDN'T SAY I WANTED TO
HAVE SEX IN THE AFTERNOON,
DID I ?
THAT'S WHAT YOU SAID,
WHY DO YOU SAY THAT ?
YOU GOT A LOT GOING ON IN THERE
THAT YOU DON'T EVER...
LIKE, SICK THINGS GOING ON,
IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK ?
I DIDN'T SAY SICK.
YOU THINK THERE ARE SICK,
TWISTED THINGS GOING ON ?
ARE THERE SICK,
NO, NOT AT ALL.
NO.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE
YOU GET THAT FROM.
I'M JUST THINKING
ABOUT JEFF, THAT'S ALL.
FORGET IT,
FORGET I SAID ANYTHING.
SORRY, SORRY, SORRY.
I GOT TO GO CALL,
JASON ALEXANDER.
FOR THE SHOW ?
YEAH, WE'RE GONNA
GET TOGETHER.
DO YOU BELIEVE THAT
I MIGHT BE GETTING BACK
INTO NETWORK TELEVISION ?
I THINK IT'S GREAT.
ALRIGHT.
HE REALLY LOVES THE IDEA.
THAT'S GOOD.
I MEAN, HE CAN'T STOP
TALKING ABOUT IT.
( ringing )
Hello ?
HEY, JAY ?
Uh, who is this ?
L.D.
Hey, Lar ?
WHAT'S SHAKIN' ?
We gonna hook up
and talk about the show ?
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
I'M CALLING ABOUT ?
Great, great, where do you
want to do this ?
UM, WELL,
WE COULD DO IT,
WE COULD DO IT HERE,
WE COULD DO IT IN MY OFFICE...
Would you mind
coming here ?
OKAY, ALRIGHT,
I'LL MEET YOU THERE.
You don't mind ?
NO, NO,
THAT WILL BE FINE.
Three o'clock,
okay ?
ALRIGHT,
I'LL SEE YOU THEN.
Okay pal.
BYE.
NEVER FAILS.
EVERY TIME I HAVE TO
GO TO A MEETING,
OR THERE'S A MEETING,
IT'S NEVER IN MY OFFICE,
OR MY HOUSE.
I'M ALWAYS GOING.
NOBODY'S EVER
COMING TO ME.
I'VE NEVER HAD A MEETING
IN MY HOUSE OR IN MY OFFICE.
NEVER, I DON'T EVEN NEED
CHAIRS IN FRONT OF MY DESK.
NOBODY EVER SITS THERE.
EVERY MEETING,
I'M TRAVELING.
HEY, I'D KNOW
THAT TUSH ANYWHERE.
HEY, JABRONI,
OPEN THE WINDOW.
I'M, I'M AWFULLY,
I'M AWFULLY SORRY.
I DIDN'T ASK
YOUR OPINION.
I'VE GOT THREE KIDS IN THERE
SCARED HALF TO DEATH,
BECAUSE SOME BALD-HEADED TURD
IS SHOOTING AT 'EM.
NO, SIR, WE WERE PLAYING
COWBOYS AND INDIANS.
HAVE YOU HEARD
OF COLUMBINE ?
IT'S IDIOTS LIKE YOU,
THAT CAUSE THIS WHOLE SOCIETY TO
BE GOING CRAZY WITH VIOLENCE.
NO, I'M NOT
A VIOLENT--
SHUT UP !
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE LOOKING AT ?
YOU ARE LOOKING AT
245 POUNDS OF TWISTED STEEL,
AND DROP YOUR BONY BUTT TO
THE CURB APPEAL.
I WILL BODY SLAM
YOU SO HARD,
THAT YOU WILL
POOP YOUR BALD PANTS.
YOU HEAR ME ?
YES, SIR.
DON'T YOU EVER,
EVER POINT ANOTHER FINGER
AT MY KIDS AGAIN,
BECAUSE IF YOU DO,
I WILL BREAK IT OFF,
AND SHOVE IT RIGHT UP
YOUR SPHINCTER.
YOU HEAR ME ?
YES, SIR.
YEAH, SEVEN,
ONE, THREE, FIVE,
ZERO, THREE, FIVE, NINE.
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE !
WHEN ?
OKAY, WELL, I WANT TO
GET IT REINSTATED.
NO, SHE HAD NO
AUTHORIZATION TO DO THAT.
NO, THAT'S MY WIFE.
NO, I DON'T
WANT TO CANCEL IT.
ALRIGHT,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
DUDE, YOU'RE GONNA
BUST YOUR BUMPER.
WHAT ?
YOU'RE GONNA BUST
RIGHT THROUGH YOUR BUMPER.
OH.
IT GOES THROUGH, RIGHT
IN FRONT OF YOUR OTHER TIRE.
YOUR BACK TIRE.
AND USE THE CRANK,
IT MAKES IT EASIER.
WHICH ONE ?
RIGHT THERE.
WHICH, THERE'S TWO CRANKS.
YOU GOT TO LOOSEN
THE LUG NUTS FIRST.
YOU MEAN,
BEFORE I LIFT IT ?
AM I TOO
CLOSE TO THE CURB ?
UGH !
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT CHANGING A TIRE ?
YOU WANT TO HELP ME
CHANGE A TIRE HERE ?
COULD USE
A LITTLE HELP.
NO ?
NEED A LITTLE ASSISTANCE.
I NEVER TOOK A SHOP CLASS
AND I NEED A LITTLE HELP.
OKAY, I'M JUST COMING FLAT OUT
AND SAYING, HELP ME.
THAT'S...
ANYBODY WANT TO HELP
SEMI-RETARDED INDIVIDUAL,
CHANGE A TIRE ?
$25, $30 ?
$30 TO CHANGE A TIRE.
OKAY, $35.
$35 TO CHANGE THIS TIRE
FOR ME, RIGHT NOW.
I'LL GIVE YOU $35.
I'LL GIVE YOU $10
FOR A RESPONSE.
FOR A VERBAL RESPONSE, $10.
ANYBODY WANT TO MAKE $10
AND RESPOND VERBALLY ?
NO ?
( Larry David )
SO, THEN HE CALLS ME
A BALD TURD.
FIVE MINUTES LATER,
MY TIRE...
OH, JESUS CHRIST,
SO, HE CUT IT,
HE SLASHED THE TIRE.
SLASHED THE TIRE, YEAH.
SONOFABITCH.
THE GUY'S COMING
WITH MY CAR
AND I GOT TO DRIVE HIM
BACK TO THE GAS STATION,
SO, I GOT TO
GO DOWNSTAIRS.
NOW ?
YEAH, IN A COUPLE OF MINUTES,
HE'S GONNA BE HERE.
I'M SORRY.
ALRIGHT, DID YOU GET
A LICENSE PLATE OR ANYTHING ?
THE GUY'S LICENSE
IS "14 THOR".
"14 THOR" ?
AND HE LOOKED LIKE
A NORDSMAN OF SOME KIND ?
THERE'S A GUY,
THERE'S A PROFESSIONAL WRESTLER,
YOU KNOW,
ONE OF THE GUYS...
HIS FIRST NAME'S THOR,
THOR, UM, OLESON.
THOR OLESON.
THAT SOUNDS FAMILIAR.
AND I THINK, THERE'S
A BIG WRESTLING THING IN TOWN
AT THE STAPLES CENTER,
IT COULD BE HIM.
YOU'RE KIDDING ?
HE'S IN L.A. FOR THIS...
YEAH, WHO ELSE WOULD
HAVE A PLATE LIKE THAT ?
AND HE SOUNDED
LIKE A WRESTLER
WHEN HE WAS
STANDING OVER MY WINDOW
SAYING "ARGH ARGH"
HE WAS DOING THAT VOICE.
YEAH, IT SOUNDS JUST,
THE DESCRIPTION IS LIKE
EXACTLY THE SAME
AS WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
BIG, HUGE GUY,
LONG, BLOND IR.
WHAT'S THIS THING ?
OH, THAT ?
YOU EVER GET
ONE OF THESE ?
NO, WHAT ARE THESE ?
SUPPOSEDLY, I DROVE THROUGH
SOME SORT OF RED LIGHT,
OR AN INTERSECTION OF SOME KIND,
AND I HAVE THESE PHOTOS NOW.
HOLY COW,
THEY TOOK YOUR PICTURE ?
YEAH, THEY HAD THE THING
UP ON THE LIGHT.
I DON'T MIND IT
IF THEY ACTUALLY CATCH YOU
DOING SOMETHING ILLEGAL,
BUT NOT ON CAMERA.
JESUS, AM I FAT.
YEAH, IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'VE
PUT ON A COUPLE OF POUNDS.
YEAH, YEAH.
HORRENDOUS.
WELL, I'M REAL SORRY,
WHAT A WASTED DAY.
NO, LISTEN.
ALRIGHT, I'LL TELL YOU,
YOU WANT TO DO TOMORROW ?
I DON'T THINK THERE'S
THAT MUCH TO GO OVER, REALLY.
YEAH, LET'S MAKE
A TIME WITH VERA,
YOU'LL COME BACK
IN TOMORROW,
I GOT SOME OPENINGS
IN THE AFTERNOON,
AND, UH, WE'LL KICK IT AROUND
FOR AN HOUR OR SO.
WE'LL GET INTO IT.
OKAY, I WAS
KIND OF THINKING
MAYBE TOMORROW WE COULD DO IT
IN MY OFFICE IN SANTA MONICA ?
NO, LET'S, THAT'S OKAY,
LET'S NOT DO THAT.
WE'LL DO IT HERE.
THIS IS GOOD,
THIS WORKS.
THIS IS GOOD.
WELL, IT'S KIND OF
A LOT EASIER FOR ME,
IF WE COULD DO IT
IN SANTA MONICA.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
I CAME HERE TODAY,
SO, TOMORROW MAYBE...
YEAH, IT JUST, IT KIND OF WORKS
A LITTLE BETTER FOR ME,
IF YOU COME HERE.
IT'S A LITTLE EASIER.
I CAN FOCUS ON IT
A LITTLE BETTER.
I GOT A VERY
NICE OFFICE.
YOU'LL BE ABLE TO
FOCUS ON ANYTHING.
I GOT A VERY
COMFORTABLE CHAIR.
I GOT BLACKBOARDS UP THERE,
WE CAN WRITE IT ALL OUT.
YOU KNOW,
IT'LL BE A BREEZE.
IT'S NOT THE OFFICE,
I'M VERY LOW MAINTENANCE.
YOU KNOW, WE WERE
SUPPOSED TO HAVE A MEETING.
AND WE HAVEN'T
HAD A MEETING.
SO, LET'S START BY DOING
WHAT WE SET OUT TO DO.
LET'S ACCOMPLISH THAT,
LET'S HAVE A MEETING,
HERE AT MY OFFICE.
WE DID ATTEMPT TO
HAVE THE MEETING,
AND I DID MAKE
THE DRIVE PART.
SO, THE DRIVE PART,
THAT I DID DO.
YEAH, THE DRIVING,
YOU GOT DOWN GOOD, BUT UH...
SO, THAT'S A LITTLE
OUT OF BALANCE NOW.
'CAUSE I DID
MY DRIVE, AND...
IT, BUT IT'S NOT
OUT OF BALANCE,
'CAUSE YOU WERE DRIVING
AND I WAS WAITING.
SO, BUT THE IMPORTANT THING IS,
WE DIDN'T MEET.
WELL, THE WAITING,
THERE'S A LOT TO DO
WHILE YOU'RE WAITING.
THERE'S NOTHING TO DO
WHILE YOU'RE DRIVING.
TOMORROW, IF YOU WANT TO
DRIVE TO MY OFFICE,
I'LL BE HAPPY YOU CAN
KEEP ME WAITING
FOR AS LONG AS YOU WANT.
I KNOW,
BUT WE MADE A PLAN.
I UNDERSTAND,
BUT, YEAH...
WE SET UP A PLAN.
WE SAID, WE'LL MEET AT MY OFFICE
AND WE'LL HAVE A MEETING.
YES.
THAT'S THE PLAN,
THAT HASN'T BEEN ACCOMPLISHED,
LET'S ACCOMPLISH THAT.
BUT WE ATTEMPTED TO HAVE
THE MEETING, BUT IT WAS ABORTED.
THEN WE FAILED,
LET'S HAVE THAT MEETING.
WE, WE'RE HAVING THAT
MEETING RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS NOT A MEETING
ABOUT THE SHOW.
THIS IS A MEETING
ABOUT HAVING A MEETING.
I KNOW, BUT THE INTENTION
IS THE SAME,
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND ?
I DROVE HERE
WITH THE SAME INTENTION...
THE DRIVING IS NOT
THE MEETING, LARRY.
THE DRIVING IS
WHAT WE'RE TALKING...
THE DRIVING IS WHAT
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
YOU KEEP COMING BACK TO
THIS INSANE THING WITH DRIVING.
YES !
DRIVING IS NOT THE ISSUE,
DO WE NOT...
I THINK DRIVING
IS THE ISSUE.
WE HAD A SINGULAR PLAN.
WE WERE GONNA HAVE
A MEETING ABOUT THE SHOW.
YEAH, OKAY, SO WE'RE
HAVING A MEETING.
YOU COULD DRIVE
AROUND THE WORLD,
WE STILL HAVEN'T
HAD A MEETING !
CHERYL ?
YES ?
WHAT DID YOU DO ?
YOU CANCELED TRIPLE "A" ?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU ?
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME YOU
WERE CANCELING TRIPLE "A" ?
WELL, AFTER THAT ARTICLE,
HOW COULD I NOT ?
I WAS READING IT TO YOU.
YOU DIDN'T SAY
YOU WERE CANCELING IT.
WELL, I WAS GOING TO
TELL YOU WHEN YOU GOT HOME.
I DIDN'T KNOW
IT WAS URGENT.
OH, WELL THAT'S GREAT,
I HAD TO CHANGE A TIRE.
AND THEN, LOOK,
LOOK AT THIS.
WHAT HAPPENED ?
IT'S A LONG STORY.
I GOT TO GO
CHANGE MY CLOTHES.
I GOT TO GO TO JEFF'S HOUSE
AND PICK UP HIS CLOTHES.
OH, BY THE WAY,
WHY DID YOU TELL WANDA
SHE HAS A BIG ASS ?
I DIDN'T TELL WANDA
SHE HAD A BIG ASS.
SHE JUST CALLED ME
AND TOLD ME.
I DIDN'T SAY SHE
HAD A BIG ASS, OKAY.
I YELLED OUT THE WINDOW
AND I SAID,
"I'D KNOW THAT TUSH ANYWHERE",
THAT'S ALL I SAID.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT ?
WHY WOULD YOU EVEN
COMMENT ABOUT HER ASS ?
WHY, WHAT'S THE,
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL ?
BECAUSE, YOU MIGHT AS WELL
JUST GO CALL OUT AND SAY,
"HEY, YOU GOT A REALLY BIG ASS",
IT'S THE SAME THING.
AH, IT WAS JUST
A FRIENDLY REMARK, THAT'S ALL.
THAT'S A FRIENDLY REMARK ?
YEAH, I WAS JUST
BEING NICE.
I WAS BEING NICE
AND CHUMMY.
YOU DON'T YELL A COMMENT
ABOUT A WOMAN'S ASS.
THERE'S ONLY
ONE WAY TO TAKE IT.
NO, NO, IF SHE
HAD A SMALL ASS,
I COULD HAVE SAID, I KNOW THAT
TUSH ANYWHERE, SO WHAT ?
YOU SHOULDN'T
SAY ANYTHING AT ALL.
YOU KNOW, YOU JUST
SHOULDN'T TALK ABOUT...
ANYWAY, WHY,
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL ?
WHAT IF I DID SAY
SHE HAS A BIG ASS ?
SO WHAT,
THAT'S NOT SO TERRIBLE.
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH A BIG ASS ?
I LIKE BIG ASSES,
THERE'S NO PROBLEM.
YOU LIKE BIG ASSES ?
I DON'T MIND A BIG ASS.
I MEAN, NO,
NOT NECESSARILY BIG.
NO, THIS IS INTERESTING,
YOU LOVE BIG ASSES ?
NO, WHAT, NO,
I DON'T LOVE BIG ASSES.
HOW BIG DO
YOU LIKE 'EM ?
I LIKE 'EM JUST
THE REGULAR,
I LIKE THEM JUST
LIKE YOURS, OKAY ?
OH, BECAUSE MINE IS REALLY BIG,
AND I LIKE 'EM BIG.
NO, IT'S NOT REALLY BIG,
IT'S NOT, IT'S A GOOD SIZE.
THAT'S WHAT YOU
JUST SAID.
YOU SAID, I LOVE BIG ASSES
AND I LIKE YOURS.
NO, I SAID,
I DON'T MIND 'EM.
I LIKE YOUR, YEAH, I LIKE,
YOU KNOW, UH...
YOU SEE, THERE ARE
A LOT OF THINGS ABOUT YOU
I DON'T KNOW.
NO, THERE'S
NOTHING ABOUT ME.
YEAH, I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU HAD THIS ASS FETISH.
DON'T SAY I HAVE A,
I DON'T HAVE AN ASS FETISH.
NO, NO,
THIS IS VERY KINKY.
IT'S, LIKE, ALL THIS STUFF
IS UNFOLDING NOW.
NOTHING'S UNFOLDING !
THIS IS INTERESTING.
AFTER YEARS TOGETHER,
I'M JUST FINDING OUT...
WHAT ARE YOU, CRAZY, NO !
THAT'S SO UNTRUE,
NO, I'M NOT A DEVIANT.
( doorbell )
I DIDN'T SAY DEVIANT.
DON'T SAY I HAVE AN ASS FETISH,
YOU GOT NOTHING ON ME.
ARE YOU EXPECTING SOMEBODY ?
WHAT ?WANDA.
HI.
HEY.
C'MON IN.
OKAY, WANDA...
OH, YOU KNOW
WHO I AM, OKAY.
I THOUGHT I HAD TO TURN AROUND,
AND SHOW YOU MY BIG ASS.
YOU COMPLETELY,
COMPLETELY MISINTERPRETED THAT.
I DIDN'T SAY YOU
HAD A BIG ASS.
YOU YELLED OUT,
"HEY, BIG ASS WANDA".
NO, I DIDN'T SAY BIG ASS,
I WAS JUST SAYING HELLO.
IS THAT HOW
YOU SAY HELLO ?
UH, WELL...
IS THAT A,
HEY, BIG ASS.
OR, HEY, HEY ASSY,
OR, HEY, I KNOW YOUR ASS.
WHAT IS THAT, THAT'S NOT
HOW YOU SAY HELLO, IS IT ?
PERHAPS NOT.
SO, SOMETHING ABOUT MY ASS
HAS MADE YOU DOWNLOAD IT
AND YOU STORED IT
IN YOUR MEMORY.
NO, NO,
THAT'S NOT SO.
WHAT IS WRONG
WITH THIS MAN ?
WE WERE JUST
HAVING A DISCUSSION.
WOULD YOU, DID YOU TELL HIM
HOW WRONG IT IS TO EVEN SAY
SOMETHING LIKE THAT ?
YEAH, BELIEVE ME,
I TOLD HIM.
YOU KNOW, A WOMAN'S ASS
IS VERY PERSONAL.
I DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS SO OBSESSED
WITH ASSES UNTIL TODAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
YOU HAVE AN ASS MAN.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING ?
LARRY, YOU ARE
AN ASS MAN.
I AM NOT AN ASS MAN.
YOU ARE AN ASS MAN.
WHAT A FETISH ?
I DON'T HAVE ANY
ASS FETISH, OKAY.
OBSESSED WITH ASSES,
I AM NOT OBSESSED WITH ASSES.
OKAY, ASSY.
AND WHY IS THAT,
THAT SHIT ALL OVER YOU ?
WHAT YOU BEEN DOING,
SCROUNGING AROUND
LOOKING FOR ASSES ?
ALL IN THE BLEACHERS AND STUFF,
OH, WHERE'S THE ASS ?
( doorbell )
OH, IF IT ISN'T JEFFREY'S
MESSENGER BOY.
HE IS SUCH A SLIMY,
SPINELESS CREATURE, LARRY,
THAT HE SENDS YOU TO
DO HIS DIRTY WORK.
DON'T YOU RESENT IT ?
UH, NO, I'M FINE.
ALRIGHT, LET'S GET
THIS OVER WITH, C'MON.
HE CAN'T EVEN FACE ME,
THAT FAT FUCK.
YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN, LARRY,
THAT HE SENDS YOU,
HIS FRIEND,
HE PUTS YOU IN
THIS AWKWARD POSITION,
LIKE ALL THE TIMES
HE USED TO KEEP SECRETS.
NO, IT'S NOT AWKWARD.
IT'S NOT AWKWARD,
THERE'S NO SECRETS.
HONEST, IT'S NOT EVEN AWKWARD,
I'M VERY COMFORTABLE.
YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW,
ABOUT ALL THE LITTLE BIMBOS
THAT THESE LITTLE ACTRESSES.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT ?
HE TELLS THEM
HE'S GOING TO GIVE THEM PARTS,
AND HELP THEIR CAREERS,
SO HE CAN GET
A NICE LITTLE BLOW JOB.
I KNOW HIM.
BLOW JOB ?
HE THINKS I DON'T
KNOW THIS SHIT.
WHAT DID HE TELL YOU,
WHAT DID HE SAY ?
DID HE TELL YOU
I KICKED HIM OUT ?
YEAH, HIS MALE EGO,
HIS STUPID MALE...
HE THINKS I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT PORN STASH,
TAKE ALL THIS CRAP.
HE'S GONNA NEED THIS
ALONE IN THE HOTEL.
NO, HE TOLD ME SPECIFICALLY
THAT HE DOESN'T WANT
ANY OF THIS STUFF.
OH, YEAH, "FREAK THAT BOOTY",
"BIG ASS MOMMA",
ALL HIS FAVORITES.
THINK I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THIS CRAP ?
OH, YOU'RE INTO
THIS SHIT TOO ?
YOU'RE INTO THE KINKY
BIG ASS MOMMA CRAP ?
NO, WHAT ARE YOU, CRAZY ?
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE A FAMILY MAN.
NO, I THOUGHT I RECOGNIZED
THAT WOMAN FROM THE BACK.
LET ME TELL
YOU SOMETHING.
YOUR PERVERSE,
FAT FUCK MANAGER,
YOU KNOW,
WHAT HE MAKES ME DO ?
HE VIOLATES ME, LARRY.
HE DEFILES ME...
NO, NO,
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW.
AT NIGHT,
HE MAKES ME...
( doorbell )
WHO'S THAT ?
SUSIE,
WHAT'S GOING ON ?
WHERE'S JEFF ?
YOU'VE DONE
SOMETHING ROTTEN.
WHAT IS THIS,
WHAT IS THIS ?
ALRIGHT, JEFFREY IS AT A HOTEL,
LARRY IS BRINGING THE CLOTHES.
I'M TAKING THE CLOTHES TO
THE HOTEL FOR HIM.
OH, I WANT TO TALK,
COULD I GO WITH YOU,
PLEASE, TO THE HOTEL ?
I WANT TO GO WITH YOU.
NO, NO,
YOU'LL GET EXCITED,
YOU'RE OVERWORKED
NOW, JUST STOP IT.
NOW, I WANT TO
SEE MY BOY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, LARRY,
TAKE MOM TO THE HOTEL.
DAD, YOU STAY HERE
WITH ME, OKAY.
OKAY, VERY GOOD.
WE'LL TAKE CARE
OF EVERYTHING.
I'M SURE YOU HAD
SOMETHING TO DO WITH THIS,
YOU ROTTEN BASTARD !
WHY DID YOU HAVE TO PUT
THOSE CLOTHES OF JEFF'S,
JUST THROW THEM OFF...
WHY, WHY ?
WHY DID YOU JUST THROW THEM IN,
ON, IN THE TRUNK,
ON TOP OF A
DIRTY OLD TIRE, WHY ?
THERE'S OBVIOUSLY
SOMETHING WRONG WITH ME.
THAT'S THE QUESTION.
YEAH, WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME,
WHY WOULD ANYBODY DO THAT,
A PERSON WOULDN'T DO THAT.
I DON'T HAVE
A CLOSET IN MY HOUSE.
I'M JUST USED TO THROWING
THINGS AROUND LIKE THAT.
AND THROWING THEM
ON THE FLOOR.
I THROW THEM
ON THE FLOOR,
THAT'S HOW ALL
MY CLOTHES ARE AT HOME,
ALL ON THE FLOOR,
I DON'T EVEN HAVE A BED.
I SLEEP ON
A BIG PILE OF CLOTHES.
WELL, IT'S
JUST DISGUSTING.
I'M A DISGUSTING MAN.
WELL, I CAN SEE THAT,
I'M JUST, I'M SO...
YOU'RE DISAPPOINTED IN ME.
YOU'RE DISAPPOINTED.
I'M DISAPPOINTED.
WELL, NOW WHAT'S THIS ?
"LOOSE FAT,
AS FAST AS YOU CAN."
OH, YEAH, REALLY.
THAT SOUNDS GOOD,
I'D LIKE TO GET THAT NUMBER.
HAVE YOU GOT A PEN,
LET ME PUT THAT DOWN.
THERE'S ONE
IN THE BACK SEAT.
ALRIGHT.
( groaning )
IN MY DAY,
NOBODY GOT DIVORCED.
YOU KNOW, ONE LITTLE PROBLEM,
AND NOWADAYS IT'S GOOD-BYE,
GRAB YOUR CLOTHES,
AND YOU'RE GONE.
PEOPLE LIVE TOGETHER
FOR YEARS AND YEARS,
HATING EACH OTHER DESPERATELY,
BUT STILL THEY...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?
OH, YOU LIKE
THAT OLD CAR.
YOU KNOW
THE BACK SEAT FACES OUT.
SO THAT YOU CAN
SEE WHERE YOU'VE BEEN.
YEAH, MAKES YOU NAUSEOUS,
THE FUMES, YOU KNOW,
THAT COME OUT FROM THE,
CAN I HELP YOU WITH THAT ?
THAT'S OKAY.
THIS IS
A BEAUTIFUL HOTEL.
ISN'T IT A BEAUTY ?
YEAH, IT'S LOVELY.
YEAH, I WANT TO
RETIRE HERE SOME DAY.
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS.
DID JEFF SAY HE WAS
GONNA MEET US HERE ?
HE'S GONNA MEET US
IN THE LOBBY.
IN THE LOBBY, WELL,
I DON'T SEE HIM.
THERE, YEAH,
WHAT'S THAT ?
OH, JEFF.
JEFF, DARLING.
HEY, WHAT'S
THE TROUBLE HERE ?
HEY, COULD I PLEASE, HERE.
YEAH, HOLD ON,
HEY, COME HERE.
ONE SECOND, MOM.
DROP THEM
DOWN THERE, OKAY.
YOUR FATHER IS JUST
ALL BROKEN UP ABOUT THIS, DEAR.
ALRIGHT,
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT.
GO UP TO THE ROOM, OKAY,
GO UP TO ROOM 818,
HERE YOU GO,
ROOM 818,
AND MA, I'LL BE
UP THERE IN A SECOND,
AND WE'LL TALK,
WE'LL TALK ABOUT EVERYTHING.
I'VE COME ALL THIS WAY.
MA, WE'LL TALK
IN A MINUTE,
JUST GO WITH HIM AND
I'LL BE UP IN A MINUTE.
JUST TAKE SOMETHING
FROM THE MINI BAR, RELAX,
AND I'LL BE
RIGHT UP THERE.
YOU PROMISE ME NOW.
I PROMISE YOU.
ALRIGHT, SWEETHEART.
ALRIGHT, I'M SORRY
ABOUT THIS WHOLE THING.
THANKS FOR THE RIDE.
SO, WHAT HAPPENED
WITH SUSIE ?
GUYS LOOK, DAD'S GONNA
RUN UP TO THE BATHROOM,
THIS ISN'T FUNNY,
SO WIPE THE SMILE OFF YOUR FACE.
OH, NOTHING,
SHE'S A LUNATIC.
SHE'S FUCKING NUTS.
YEAH, SHE'S CRAZY.
NOW, YOU KNOW
WHY M HERE.
REMEMBER EARLIER TODAY YOU SAID
THAT, UM, YOU OWED ME ONE ?
YEAH, I OWE YOU BIG.
I NEED TO
TAKE YOU UP ON IT.
WOW, OKAY, WHAT ?
LIKE, NOW,
LIKE, QUICKLY.
RIGHT NOW.
YEAH.
WHAT ?
I ACTUALLY HAVE
A RATHER BIZARRE REQUEST.
WHAT ?
I WANT YOU TO GO OUTSIDE,
THERE'S A STATION WAGON
OUT THERE.
WHAT ?
I WANT YOU TO LET THE AIR
OUT OF SOMEBODY'S TIRES.
IT SAYS "14 THOR"
ON THE LICENSE PLATE.
IT'S A RED STATION WAGON,
IT'S RIGHT OUT IN FRONT,
YOU CAN'T MISS IT.
"14 THOR", BUT WHY ?
ALRIGHT, YEAH, SURE.
BUT YOU HAVE TO
DO IT NOW, HURRY UP.
ALRIGHT,
YOU'LL BE HERE, RIGHT ?
I'LL BE HERE, YEAH.
THANK YOU.
HEY, GUYS.
HEY.
HEY, HOW YOU DOING ?
GOOD, YOU ?
GOOD, HEY, LISTEN.
YOUR DAD'S THAT WRESTLER,
ISN'T HE ?
YEP.THOR.
THOR, YEAH, YEAH.
BIG TALL GUY.
WELL, LISTEN, I GOT A LITTLE
PIECE OF INFORMATION FOR YOU
THAT MIGHT INTEREST YOU.
WRESTLING'S FIXED.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ?
ALL THE MATCHES
ARE SET UP BEFORE HAND.
THE WINNERS ARE
ALL PRE-DETERMINED.
IT'S COMPLETELY
ILLEGITIMATE.
YOU MEAN,
IT'S FAKE ?
EXACTLY, FAKE.
THAT'S EXACTLY
THE WORD I'M LOOKING FOR.
DAD'S KIND OF A BIG FAKE,
YOU KNOW WHAT HE IS ?
HE'S MORE OF AN ACTOR
THAN A WRESTLER.
DAD'S AN ACTOR ?
THAT'S RIGHT, THE WHOLE THING'S
A BIG PHONEY BOLOGNA.
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT.
NOBODY THINKS IT'S REAL.
HEY, YOU TELL HIM
THE BALD TURD SAID HELLO, OKAY ?
HI.
HEY.
WHAT HAVE YOU
BEEN UP TO TODAY ?
WORKING.
OH, REALLY ?
YOU AND JASON
WORKED THINGS OUT ?
NO, WE CAN'T SEEM TO AGREE ON
THE LOCUS EQUIDISTANT OF POINTS.
I SUGGESTED A RESTAURANT,
HE THOUGHT IT
WAS TOO CLOSE TO ME.
THEN HE SUGGESTED ONE,
AND I THOUGHT IT
WAS TOO CLOSE TO HIM,
AND, WE JUST CAN'T
GET IT TOGETHER.
OF COURSE YOU CAN'T.
ARE YOU EXPECTING
SOMETHING FROM THE CITY ?
NO.
CAN I OPEN IT ?
SURE.
OH, MY GOD.
Captions Copyright 2001
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L.P.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER